Release ticloud cli v1.0.0-beta.2 (#18938)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/ticloud-serverless-sql-user-create.md

---
title: ticloud serverless sql-user create
summary: The reference of `ticloud serverless sql-user create`.
---

# ticloud serverless sql-user create

Create a TiDB Cloud Serverless SQL user

```shell
ticloud serverless sql-user create [flags]
```

## Examples

Create a TiDB Cloud Serverless SQL user in interactive mode:

```shell
ticloud serverless sql-user create
```

Create a TiDB Cloud Serverless SQL user in non-interactive mode:

```shell
ticloud serverless sql-user create --user <user-name> --password <password> --role <role> --cluster-id <cluster-id>
```

## Flags

In non-interactive mode, you need to manually enter the required flags. In interactive mode, you can just follow CLI prompts to fill them in.

| Flag                    | Description                              | Required | Note                                                 |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------|

> | -c, --cluster-id string | Specifies the ID of the cluster.         | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
> | --password string       | The password of the SQL user.            | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
> | --role strings          | The role(s) of the SQL user.             | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -c, --cluster-id string | The ID of the cluster.         | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
| --password string       | The password of the SQL user.            | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
| --role strings          | The roles of the SQL user.             | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
```

> | -c, --cluster-id string | The ID of the cluster.         | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
> | --password string       | The password of the SQL user.            | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
> | --role strings          | The roles of the SQL user.             | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
> | -u, --user string       | The name of the SQL user.                | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -c, --cluster-id string | Specifies the ID of the cluster.         | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
| --password string       | Specifies the password of the SQL user.            | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
| --role strings          | Specifies the roles of the SQL user.             | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
| -u, --user string       | Specifies the name of the SQL user.                | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                  |
```
